I have an illness
that affects my level of energy,
so I didn’t feel that I could accept
just any kind of assignment.
Since the end of this system is near,
I want to do whatever I can
that Jehovah wants down to the very end.
So I applied.
Before attending SKE,
when I received my invitation,
all of a sudden I had challenges
or worries about myself.
I felt unworthy, even unqualified.
Being a single sister,
going into the class with so many couples,
I thought I would be out of place.
I used all my abilities.
I felt like my head was swelling up.
Even so, I felt that I was really being refined
and ended each day feeling fulfilled.
Something that I
really enjoyed about SKE
was Friday afternoons.
That’s when we had a talk
from one of the Governing Body members.
That was special.
During the eight weeks of school,
such an emphasis was placed
on serving where the need is greater.
So this way of thinking
became more important to us.
After eight weeks of attending the school,
you are even ready to be sent to the moon.
When I was told
that my next assignment
would be in Mesa, Arizona,
I thought, ‘Where is that?’
And then I thought,
‘Oh, no, scorpions!’
And then I thought, ‘OK,
this is where Jehovah thinks
I should be, so I’m ready to go.’
One of the challenges in my new assignment
was finding suitable accommodations.
There was a couple in the congregation
who had two rooms that they rented
in the back of their property,
but it needed some renovations.
So the brothers very quickly came together,
helped sort it out,
and even built an extra
little kitchenette lounge.
So now we have a beautiful little home
to go back to after a long,
hot day in the ministry.
I always thought that I’d do much better
in the cold than I would in the heat.
So the brothers and sisters
were very helpful
in making sure that I stayed hydrated,
making sure I knew
how to handle myself in the heat,
giving me pointers on things to carry,
and they made sure that I had
an extra-large water bottle with me.
We really felt supported by the congregation
because they found us an apartment.
This meant that we could concentrate
on our ministry.
One of the things that really helped me
was an experienced brother
who gave an encouraging comment
about whether my health
would permit me to attend the school.
He said, “If she can pioneer,
then it’s also possible for her
to attend the school.”
The education that we received at SKE
especially helped us with our qualities,
our personality
—putting on the new personality.
That really will help us
not only now in our assignment
but right through into the new world.
I think there are many
who could meet the qualifications
with just a little more effort.
Please know that there is
a wonderful education program,
and we were able
to experience it in our 60’s.
We could get through it.
So if others are thinking of applying,
I want to tell them that we were able to do it,
and by all means,
I want them to taste
the same joy that we experienced.
You could be nervous
and have performance anxiety
and worry about,
‘How will I handle answering,
‘and how about all
of the student assignments
and the tests?’
—worries like that.
But for my own part,
it was two months
with an incredible amount of joy.
And you have to focus on that.
It is a gift
—it is a wonderful gift from Jehovah.
I wasn’t sure if I was going
to put in the application
because I thought maybe
I wanted to do it as a couple
rather than as a single person.
But I prayed to Jehovah about it,
and I put my application in.
I wouldn’t be experiencing the happiness
that I have now if I had waited.
So I’m happy
that I just put my application in
and let Jehovah do the rest.
And now, sometimes I’m driving
down the freeway, and I think:
‘Wow, Jehovah, I am so happy!
Thank you!’